I got my hair highlighted, cause I felt like some strands were more important than others

I wrote my friend a letter using a highlighter pen, but he could not read it. He thought I was trying to show him certain parts of a piece of paper

I saw some 2 dollar bills today on sale for 8 dollars. Something went severely wrong there, what happened? It spun out of control. I miss the 2. I could break a two. Alright

I had my palm read, I wrote something on it first to see if she would read that too

I’m a mumbler. If I’m walking with a friend and I say something, he won’t hear me, he’ll say “What?” So I’ll say it again, but once again, he doesn’t hear me, so he says “What?!” But really, it’s just some insignificant shit that I’m saying, but now I’m yelling “That tree is far away!”

If you boat a lot, you're known as a boating enthusiast. I like to boat, I just never wanna be known as a boat enthusiast. I hope they call me a guy who likes to boat

I wanna be a race car passenger. Just a guy who bugs the driver. Say man, can I turn on the radio? You should slow down. Why we gotta keep going in circles? Can I put my feet out the window? Man, you really like Tide

All those laughs and claps I will use for jokes that didn't work. I will make it seem you fuckers laughed at unfunny shit. I'm gon use you. I'm gonna make a whole CD of unfunny jokes then put your laughs in it, and then list you individually on the CD. These people don't like funny jokes

You should never tell someone they have a nice dimple, because maybe they were shot in the face with a BB Gun

I haven't slept for 10 days, because that would be too long.

How long can a CD be? I might have to do 2 tonight. Nah I'm kidding. That'd be too much comedy... for me.

My apartment is infested with Koala Bears. It's the cutest infestation ever. Way better than cockroaches. When I turn on the light, a bunch of koala bears scatter. And I don't want em to, I'm like, "Hey hold on fellas. Let me hold one of you. And feed you a leaf." Why do koala bears- they're so fucking cute, why do they have to be so far away from me? We need to ship a few over, and I will apprehend one, and hold him, and pet him on the back of his head.

I've always wanted a suitcase handcuffed to my wrist. Alright. That's not a full joke there. That's filler.

Last week I helped my friend stay put. It's a lot easier than helping someone move. I just went over to his house and made sure he did not start to load shit into a truck.

My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, but I said, "No, but I want a regular banana later, so yeah."

A guy told me he liked cherries... But... I waited to see if he was gonna say tomato... Before I realized he likes cherries just... All right, that joke is ridiculous. That's like a carbon copy of the previous joke but with different ingredients. I don't know what I was trying to pull off there. That one might be edited.

I have a few cavities. I don't call em cavities, I like to call em places to put stuff. Do you know where I can store a pea? Yes I have some locations available.

